bahubali :- Baahubali-The Beginning (2015) is essentially about a tribal warrior boy, Shivudu who learns his past and awaits his destiny. The story is set in and around the fictional kingdom of Mahishmati.

bellbottom:- The story of the film revolves around the hijacking of Indian Airlines flight IC 691 that takes off from Delhi on August 24, 1984. This was fifth Indian Airlines plane hijacking in last seven years. The hijacking occurred during the administration of former Indian Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi (Lara Dutta).

blackwindow:-Black Widow is a 2021 American superhero film based on Marvel Comics featuring the character of the same name. ... Set after the events of Captain America: Civil War (2016), the film sees Romanoff on the run and forced to confront her past.

brave:- Set in the Scottish Highlands, the film tells the story of Princess Merida of DunBroch who defies an age-old custom, causing chaos in the kingdom by expressing the desire not to be betrothed. ... Brave is the first film to use the Dolby Atmos sound format.

dangal:-Dangal is a biography of a real life patriotic fighter Mahavir Singh Phogat who raises his daughters and evolves them into World Class Fighters. ... Hence Mahavir hopes they would be future Wrestlers. So he trains his daughters Gita and Babita, thus proving they're no less than a professional male wrestler.

dhadak:- DHADAK is the story of two young souls who fall in love against the restrictions of caste hierarchy. Madhukar Bagla (Ishaan Khatter) belongs to a lower caste in Udaipur, Rajasthan. He's smitten by Parthvi Singh (Janhvi Kapoor), the daughter of the high-caste politician Ratan Singh (Ashutosh Rana).

dishoom :- Dishoom is a story about two Indian spies, John Abraham and Varun Dhawan, who are sent on a mission to Abu Dhabi. ... Kabir who is a no-nonsense cop bump into a rookie Emirates police officer Junaid Ansari (Varun Dhawan), who has never solved a case but has a good knowledge of the town.

endgame:- Avengers: Endgame is a 2019 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. ... In the film, the surviving members of the Avengers and their allies attempt to reverse the destruction caused by Thanos in Infinity War

godzilla vs kong:- The fourth film in Warner Bros and Legendary's MonsterVerse, a cinematic universe where giant monsters are real and have existed way before the human race came into being, Godzilla vs Kong pits two ancient alpha predators against each other.

jumanji:- Jumanji, one of the most unique--and dangerous--board games ever, falls into the hands of the curious teen, Alan Parrish, in 1969. Mysterious and magical, the game strands the unsuspecting boy in the lush, savage forests of a mythical realm.

kgf:- K.G.F: Chapter 1 is a 2018 Indian Kannada-language epic period action film written and directed by Prashanth Neel, and produced by Vijay Kiragandur under the banner Hombale films. ... Anant Nag narrates the film while Srinidhi Shetty, Vasishta N. Simha, Achyuth Kumar, Malavika Avinash appears in supporting roles.

love aaj kal :- Love Aaj Kal ( transl. Love These Days) is a 2009 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy-drama film starring Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone with Rishi Kapoor and Giselli Monteiro in supporting roles. Neetu Singh appears in a cameo appearance.

mowgli:-An epic adventure about Mowgli, a man-cub raised by a family of wolves. Mowgli finds he is no longer welcome in the jungle when fearsome tiger Shere Khan, who bears the scars of Man, promises to eliminate what he sees as a threat.

pk:-An alien (Aamir Khan) gets stranded on earth with nothing including clothes except a locket which was his remote to call the spaceship to go to his planet back. But, in a short time, the locket is looted from the alien. He tries to get it back but is unsuccessful. He comes to a land quite different from his home place where he slowly understands the use of money and clothes.

raazi:-A Kashmiri woman agrees to marry a Pakistani army officer in order to spy on Pakistan during the Indo-Pakistan War of 1971.

raid:-A fearless income tax officer raids the mansion of the most powerful man in Lucknow after someone mysteriously draws his attention towards the evidence.

2.0:-After mobiles start mysteriously flying out of the hands of people in Chennai, Dr Vaseegaran summons his trusted robot Chitti to ward off the bird-shaped supernatural powers of Pakshirajan.

shershah:-This is a story of a PVC awardee brave Indian soldier - Capt. Vikram Batra, who shot to fame and became a household name during the Kargil War in 1999. His indomitable spirit and his unflinching courage in chasing the Pakistani soldiers out of Indian territory contributed immensely in India finally winning the Kargil War in 1999.

soul:-After landing the gig of a lifetime, a New York jazz pianist suddenly finds himself trapped in a strange land between Earth and the afterlife.

uri:-Indian army special forces execute a covert operation, avenging the killing of fellow army men at their base by a terrorist group.

venom:-A failed reporter is bonded to an alien entity, one of many symbiotes who have invaded Earth. But the being takes a liking to Earth and decides to protect it.